Create rule S6483: Width, alignment, and padding format options should be used consistently (CPP-3951) (#1434)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6483/cfamily/rule.adoc

> In formatting functions like std::format, replacement fields can add format specifications as a list of options. For example `std::format("{:*>5}", d);` will display `d` aligned to the right with a padding of '*' to its left so that the display is always at least 5 characters wide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In formatting functions like std::format, replacement fields can add format specifications as a list of options. For example, `std::format("{:*>5}", d);` will display `d` aligned to the right with a padding of '*' to its left so that the display is always at least five characters wide.
```

> Some of these options work together and mentioning one without the other can lead to confusing code where it is not clear to the reader what the output should look like. The same can happen if the options have incompatible values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of these options work together, and mentioning one without the other can lead to confusing code where it is unclear to the reader how the output will look. The same can happen if the options have incompatible values.
```

This rule raises an issue when:

> * The alignment or the padding options are set, but the width option is not specified, leading to no effective padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The alignment or the padding options are set, but the width option is not specified, leading to no actual padding.
```
